American shared value set is spectacular
it's the most spectacular shared value
set there is most of us agree with that
it's being fractionated into group
identity claims and that has negative
consequences in multiple Dimensions yeah
and a lot of that isn't us a lot of that
is foreign infuence and a lot of it is
ways that we have shifted away from
shared American values that make sense
we have a template for solving all sorts
of problems here if you want to protest
we have you know the the civil rights
movement in America is American
scripture that's a foundational pillar
in America and of course it's predated
with a rich tradition that was
exemplified in the best way